Updates process (#2316)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: pages/design/process.md

- Be aware that this is last chance to object to the rule, on everything from spelling and grammar to accessibility requirements mapping and use of definitions.
- Keep up to date on Calls for Review using this list: https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/issues/461

## Done

Published rules

### Enters this stage when:

- A rule has:
  - received 3 approvals from 3 different organizations,
  - successfully survived its 2 week Call for Review (if applicable),
  - been merged and published as a proposed rule in the WAI website at https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/act/rules/ (ACT Rules on the WAI website are generally updated every Tuesday)

> ### Rejected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rejected
```
I believe this was not the correct heading level

Author: Done

- Be aware that this is last chance to object to the rule, on everything from spelling and grammar to accessibility requirements mapping and use of definitions.
- Keep up to date on Calls for Review using this list: https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/issues/461

## Done

Published rules

### Enters this stage when:

- A rule has:
  - received 3 approvals from 3 different organizations,

>   - successfully survived its 2 week Call for Review (if applicable),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - went through Call for Review (if applicable), and change requests have been resolved
```
